docs/user-guide/intellij-configure.md, before:

# Configuring Zowe IntelliJ plug-in

After you install the Zowe Intellij plug-in, you must create a z/OSMF connection to your mainframe and some working sets. 

:::note

z/OS v2.1 or later is required z/OSMF configuration. The plug-in is in active development state. 

:::

## Creating z/OSMF connection 

There are two ways to create a z/OSMF connection: 
- using the in-built plug-in feature
- using Zowe Config v2

### Creating the connection using the plug-in feature

You can create a z/OSMF connection to your mainframe either by manually specifying all the needed information through the Settings tab, or by clicking the "+" sign. The z/OSMF port should be specified at the end of the address.

To create the connection:
1. In Zowe Explorer click **+** button
2. Select **Connection**
3. Type in all the necessary information
4. Wait until the connection is tested

![Configure IntelliJ z/OSMF connection](../images/intellij/connection_create.gif)

### Creating the connection using Zowe Config v2

*Prerequisite: Zowe CLI installed ([click here for the guide](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/cli-installcli))*

To create the z/OSMF connection with Zowe Config v2:
1. In command line, issue: `zowe config init`
2. Enter all the required information
3. After that, *Zowe config file detected* notification should appear, click **Add Zowe Connection**
4. If the connection test is failed, click **Add Anyway**
5. In Zowe Config change all the wrong parameters to the correct ones
6. Click appeared *Reload* button in the editor
7. Wait until the connection is tested

![Configure IntelliJ z/OSMF connection using Zowe Config v2](../images/intellij/connection_zowe_config_v2.gif)

After the configuration is made, you will be able to use all the features of the plug-in.

Commit message:

Docs change for Zowe Explorer plug-in for IntelliJ IDEA
Signed-off-by: Uladzislau <leksilonchikk@gmail.com>

docs/user-guide/intellij-configure.md, after:

# Configuring the plug-in

After you install the Zowe Explorer plug-in for Intellij IDEA, you must create a z/OSMF connection to your mainframe and some working sets. 

:::note

z/OS v2.3 or later is required with a REST API z/OSMF configured properly. To use it, you need the user ID to be connected to the IZUUSER RACF group. Contact your RACF administrator to complete the setup process.

:::

## Creating z/OSMF connection 

There are two ways to create a z/OSMF connection: 
- using the in-built plug-in's connection configurations **(1)**
- using Zowe Team Config v2 **(2)**

![Create plug-in's connection or Zowe Config](../images/intellij/create_plugins_connection_or_zowe_config.png)

### Creating the connection using the plug-in's connection configurations

You can create a connection to a z/OSMF REST API either by manually specifying all the needed information through the "Settings" tab **(1)**, or by clicking the "+" sign **(2)**.

![Create a connection through "Settings"](../images/intellij/create_connection_settings.png)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;![Create a connection using "+" button](../images/intellij/create_connection_plus.png)

To create the connection:
1. In the Zowe Explorer click **+** button
2. Select **Connection**
3. Type in all the necessary information in the dialog
4. Wait until the connection test is finished and all the necessary information is fetched

![Configure IntelliJ z/OSMF connection](../images/intellij/connection_create.gif)

### Creating the connection using Zowe Config v2

To create the z/OSMF connection with Zowe Config v2 there are two ways.

The first scenario - adding already existing Zowe Config v2 from a local opened project
1. Open the project with the **zowe.config.json**
2. *Zowe config file detected* notification should appear, click **Add Zowe Connection**
3. Wait until the connection is tested

![Configure IntelliJ z/OSMF connection using Zowe Config v2](../images/intellij/create_connection_zowe_config_file.gif)

The second scenario - creating a new Zowe Config v2 from scratch:
1. In the Zowe Explorer click **+** button
2. Select **Zowe Team Configuration**
3. Fill in all the necessary information in the dialog
4. Wait until the connection test is finished and all the necessary information is fetched

![Configure Zowe Team v2 from scratch](../images/intellij/create_connection_zowe_config_plus.gif)

After the configuration is made, you will be able to use all the features of the plug-in.
